Hahahaha
You managed to piss off my godfather
Prepare to bear the wrath of my godfather
Pretty clown
You are really ridiculous
Even if the hero comes
I said he made the manuscript, did he dare to say no?
Dumin, that's enough
You're still talking big here
What time is it?
That's enough!
I don't have the patience to listen to you jumping clown
Be shameless here
Someone is taking it for me
The chief is here
Hero Club Zhonghai Branch sends thorns
Welcome to the chief
It turned out to be the chief leader who has been hidden for 10 years
Great, his old man will clean up the deer
It's as simple as pinching an ant to death
Luming should be punished
Where is the Dragon King?
Master Wave
Someone talked about my wedding today and robbed my beloved wife
Almost killed me
Where is this hitting me?
The face of the Great Hero Club when it is clear
You'd better tear him to pieces
That's him!
Lord Dragon King